I'm Chandler Ross this is Robert oh hey
hi who you have lipstick right here oh
that's okay it's mine we just kissed so
isn't it a bit cold out for shorts well
I'm from California right right
sometimes you guys just burst into flame
I'm up I'm up I had gotten up now
anybody want anything ah coffee yeah me
too yeah make that three okay Ross why
don't you come with me okay what was the
matter with you what's going on Roberts
coming out what what do you mean what is
he gay he he's coming out of his shorts
what the man is showing brain
are you sure hold on and I'm sorry guys
that was a coffee and a coffee okay we
could write it down no no that won't be
a won't be necessary
well yeah yeah yo what do we do what do
we do I suppose we just try to not look
directly at it like an eclipse hey hey
hey how the basketball go oh ok I
learned how to shoot a layup a foul shot
and a twenty three pointer I mean a
three-pointer oh I get more because I'm
dainty so um is there a phone here I can
check my messages yeah in the back do
you want a quarter oh no thanks i always
carry one of my sock
what are you doing get back over on your
side
hi my Joey we haven't met I'm good to
meet you Robert is going on not like
Robert why are you laughing come down
there's no reason to get tested we're
sorry we're sorry it just seems that
Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts
area as one may have hoped hey hey
Robert could you uh pass me those
cookies sure